This github is a collection of various programs I have made. As of now, all of the programs featured here were submissions for school assignments.

C++ClientServer contains C++ client and server programs which can connect and send text messages to eachother through a chat feature. There is a readme specifically
for these programs in the folder with them. This program was written in spring 2019.

Minesweeper contains the files for a version of minesweeper I made for an intro to computer graphics course. The necessary Java files are located in src and the jpg icons used
are located in src/res. This program was made with Java using Java Swing for GUI functionality and was written in fall 2018.

RSAEncryptionAndDecryption contains EllisHW7.py which is an implementation of RSA encryption. The program initializes an appropriate key, then encrypts a message file, and finally
decrypts the cipher text file produced from encryption. This program was made in python as the language allows for easier handling of the large integer values that are necessary
for secure encryption. This program was written in spring 2020.

EllisVigenere.cpp is a program which can break viegenere ciphers with keylengths of 6 or less. It does this by finding the most probable keylength and then using frequency analysis
to find the most probable key. This program was written in spring 2020.

eigensearch.m will return the eigen-values of a given matrix 'A'. This program was made in Octave for a numerical solutions course in spring 2019.

ellisBBS.cpp is a program which generates a psuedo random sequence of bits and calculates the frequencies of zeroes and ones, and subsequences of length 4, to ensure its
randomness. This is another program written for a cryptology course in spring 2020.

In choosing which programs to include in this portfolio, I decided to opt out of including programs which were not primarily written and developed by me. This is because I view
the purpose of this github as show my personal competency with programming in various forms. I do understand that the ability to work with, and alter, existing programs is 
obviously important as well. However, highlighting my abilities to work cooperatively with others and to work with existing projects was not the goal of this repository.
